MANIFEST.in
README.md
passwords.txt
pyproject.toml
setup.py
usernames.txt
burplabs/__init__.py
burplabs/cli.py
burplabs.egg-info/PKG-INFO
burplabs.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
burplabs.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
burplabs.egg-info/entry_points.txt
burplabs.egg-info/requires.txt
burplabs.egg-info/top_level.txt
burplabs/labs/__init__.py
burplabs/labs/passwords.txt
burplabs/labs/usernames.txt
burplabs/labs/API/api_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/API/api_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/API/api_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/API/api_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/API/api_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/DOM-based-vuln/dom_based_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/DOM-based-vuln/dom_based_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/DOM-based-vuln/dom_based_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/DOM-based-vuln/dom_based_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/DOM-based-vuln/dom_based_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/NoSQL/no_sqli_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/NoSQL/no_sqli_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/NoSQL/no_sqli_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/NoSQL/no_sqli_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/OS-command-injection/os_injection_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/OS-command-injection/os_injection_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/OS-command-injection/os_injection_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/OS-command-injection/os_injection_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/OS-command-injection/os_injection_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/SSTI/ssti_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/SSTI/ssti_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/SSTI/ssti_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/SSTI/ssti_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/SSTI/ssti_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/XXE/xxe_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab10.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab11.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab12.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab13.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/access control vuln/access_control_lab9.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab10.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab11.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab12.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/authentication/auth_lab9.py
burplabs/labs/clickjacking/clickjacking_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/cors/cors_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/cors/cors_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/cors/cors_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab10.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab11.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab12.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/csrf/csrf_lab9.py
burplabs/labs/info disclosure/info_disclose_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/info disclosure/info_disclose_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/info disclosure/info_disclose_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/info disclosure/info_disclose_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/info disclosure/info_disclose_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/insecure-deserialization/ins_deserialization_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/path traversal/path_travers_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/path traversal/path_travers_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/path traversal/path_travers_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/path traversal/path_travers_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/path traversal/path_travers_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/path traversal/path_travers_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab10.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab11.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab12.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab13.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab14.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab15.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab16.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab17.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab18.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/sql/sql_lab9.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/ssrf/ssrf_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/web-cache-poisoning/web_cache_lab9.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab1.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab10.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab11.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab12.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab13.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab14.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab15.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab16.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab17.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab18.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab19.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab2.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab20.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab21.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab22.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab23.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab24.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab3.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab4.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab5.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab6.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab7.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab8.py
burplabs/labs/xss/xss_lab9.py